how exactly do you choose the first
programming language to learn why PHP
and not Ruby or JavaScript or python I
mean how can you be expected to make
such a large decision without having the
expertise to differentiate between all
of the available choices it's a good
question now we could look at usage
stats or developer happiness reviews but
the truth is it largely depends on your
environments there's no one correct
answer just as there's no correct spoken
language to learn it just depends
now if you're hoping to in turn add a
WordPress or a layerable shop then
you're surely going to one PHP on the
other hand you might have a friend who
works at Shopify who is offered to show
you the ropes in that case you'll likely
be working with Ruby and that's cool too
the point is it doesn't really matter
right now you're interested in the
fundamentals of programming whether you
choose PHP or Ruby or something else it
doesn't really matter you'll be happy to
hear that these Concepts cross over and
once you've learned one language the
next one is significantly easier to pick
up
with that in mind let's learn some PHP